---
layout: post
title: Participatory Budgeting in 2020 UN E-Government Survey.
comments: false
tags: [Participatory budgeting, South Korea, E-government]
---

The United Nations recently released the [2020 UN E-Government Survey](https://publicadministration.un.org/en/Research/UN-e-Government-Surveys), which "assesses the digital government development of the 193 United Nations Member States in identifying their strengths, challenges and opportunities, as well as informing policies and strategies." It provides the E-Government Development Index and the E-Participation Index. In the 2020 report, participatory budgeting was mentioned several times. Here are quotes from the 2020 report.

_Quotes_
Participatory budgeting and participatory land-use planning are two kinds of initiatives used by cities/municipalities to engage with local communities. Participatory budget frameworks are found in only 27 per cent of the city portals studied, though the slight increase from the 23 per cent rate reported in the 2018 LOSI study is encouraging. The opposite is true for people’s participation in city landuse planning processes; 28 per cent of the city portals assessed offer relevant initiatives in 2020, compared with 35 per cent in 2018. (p. 99)

An increased focus on “advanced” e-participation tools and mechanisms is evident in contexts other than the Survey. For instance, at least two dozen of the initiatives submitted by Governments for [the United Nations Public Service Awards in 2018 and 2019](https://publicadministration.un.org/unpsa/database/Home/UNPSA-Initiatives-and-the-SDGs) were fully relevant to e-participation. The initiatives came from all regions, with Asia, Latin America and Europe most represented, and covered various forms of e-participation, including consultations, feedback mechanisms, co-production, e-petitions and participatory budgeting. (p. 127)

Two participatory budgeting portals introduced: Portuga's [Orçamento Participativo Portugal](https://opp.gov.pt/) and South Korea's [National participatory budget website](www.mybudget.go.kr). (see p. 127)

Participatory budgeting in Korea is also introduced in a boxed note (Box 5.4 on page 128). It wrote,
Participatory budgeting has existed for more than 30 years at the municipal level; applications at the national level are more recent and less common. The Republic of Korea offers an example of a country that integrates well-developed participatory budgeting at the local and national levels. The national participatory budget system in the Republic of Korea is designed to enhance the transparency of financial operations and increase the public’s interest in the budget by allowing people to make budget proposals and participate in the screening and prioritization of proposals. For some time, it had been possible for the general public to come up with ideas or suggestions for improvement, with relevant ministries responding to such proposals. The new participatory budget system expands the scope of participation, as citizens can participate in the review and prioritization process that comes after the public proposals. The new system complements the local participatory budget system currently used by municipal governments nationwide by eliciting proposals that require funding by the central Government. The portal includes a comprehensive timeline for the process, which combines online and offline activities.

The large number of potential users among local governments has created a market for e-participation platforms. Many companies and not-for-profit organizations have off-the-shelf products that offer a range of “standard” e-participation features such as voting, petition systems, consultation forums, participatory budgeting, user surveys, and calls for proposals. (p. 130)

This report also provides an example of PB in Madrid, Spain in a boxed note (Box 5.5 on page 130). It wrote, 
In 2015, the city of Madrid created the Decide Madrid web platform with the objective of promoting the direct participation of residents in key government processes. The platform is a web-based tool that facilitates several types of participatory processes, including the following: (a) ideation forum: any resident can present a proposal to improve the city; a proposal that receives a sufficient level of support is put to a popular vote, and if approved it becomes binding for the municipality, which commits to its implementation; (b) consultations: before carrying out certain actions, the City Council consults residents about the criteria that should be followed or gives them the opportunity to choose between alternative projects; (c) participatory budgeting: the City Council reserves a specified amount of money for projects proposed and voted on by residents; in 2016 and 2017, 100 million was allocated annually—the largest amount dedicated to participatory budgets in the world at that time. CONSUL, the software platform used for this project, is open source and is used by many institutions around the world (130 entities in 33 countries), including the cities of Buenos Aires, Montevideo and Turin. The wide diffusion of this technology has allowed administrations that use the tool to share knowledge and experiences. 

**One thought**
The UN E-government survey's [E-Participation Index](https://publicadministration.un.org/egovkb/en-us/About/Overview/E-Participation-Index) provides a normalized index value, which is calculated by the following equation:
Mathematically, the EPI is normalized by taking the total score value for a given country, subtracting the lowest total score for any country in the Survey and dividing by the range of total score values for all countries. For example, if country “x” has an e-participation score of 29, and the lowest value of any country is 0 and the highest equal to 38, then the normalized index value for country “x” would be
E-Participation Index (of Country "x") = (29-0)/38-0

I am curious if this index reflects the difficulties among one-way, two-way, and collaborative participation measures. Is there any weight applied to the advanced level public participation activities? Need to check deeper.  
